(documentation 'is-monomial 'function)
"True if M is a correct monomial '(m Coeff TD Varpowers)."

(documentation 'is-varpower 'function)
"True if VP is a correct varpower '(v Exp Sym)."

(documentation 'is-polynomial 'function)
"True if P is a correct polynomial '(poly ListMono)."

(documentation 'mono-vars 'function)
"Return the varpowers list of the monomial M.
 M must be a parsed monomial"

(documentation 'mono-coeff 'function)
"Return the coefficient of the monomial M.
 M must be a parsed monomial"

(documentation 'mono-td 'function)
"Return the total degree of the monomial M.
 M must be a parsed monomial"

(documentation 'monomial-total-degree 'function)
"Deprecated - Same as mono-
 Argument M A parsed monomial.t."

(documentation 'monomial-vars-and-powers 'function)
"Deprecated - same as mono-vars.
 Argument M A parsed monomial."

(documentation 'varpower-power 'function)
"Return the power of the varpower VP."

(documentation 'varpower-symbol 'function)
"Return the symbol of the varpower VP."

(documentation 'poly-monomials 'function)
"Return the list of monomials in the polynomial P."

(documentation 'as-monomial 'function)
"Parse an EXPRESSION into the corresponding sorted monomial.
 the EXPRESSION can be.
 '(* [coeff] var-expt*) |
 number |
 '() "

(documentation 'sort-monomials 'function)
"Return a list that contains LISTMONO elements sorted using #'sort-monomial."

(documentation 'sort-monomial 'function)
"Sort the varpowers in MONO lexicographically
 MONO is a parsed monomial"

(documentation 'extract-coeff 'function)
"Return 1 if COEFF is not a number, COEFF otherwise"

(documentation 'extract-vars 'function)
"Return a list of varpowers based on the given VARLIST.
 VARLIST contains unparsed varpowers in the form [sym|(expt sym exp)]"

(documentation 'calculate-total-degree 'function)
"Return the total degree of VARLIST
 VARLIST is a list containing varpowers (v exp sym)"

(documentation 'simplify-vars 'function)
"Return a list that contains VARLIST elements without coefficient 0
 it also multiplies the same varpowers in the list
 VARLIST is a list of varpowers (v exp sym)"

(documentation 'mul-var 'function)
"Multiply the same varpowers in VARLIST."

(documentation 'simplify-coeff 'function)
"Remove varpowers with coefficient 0 from VARLIST."

(documentation 'as-polynomial 'function)
"Return the corresponding sorted polynomial of the given EXPRESSION
 EXPRESSION can be:
 a parsed polynomial (poly monoList)
 a parsed monomial (m C TD V)
 an unparsed expression"

(documentation 'parse-polynomial 'function)
"Return the corresponding polynomial of the given EXPRESSION
 EXPRESSION can be:
 an unparsed polynomial (+ listMono*)
 an unparsed monomial (* [coefficient] varpowers*)
 a number"

(documentation 'sort-poly 'function)
"Return MONOS grlex sorted."

(documentation 'mono-to-string 'function)
"Return the string representation of MONO varpowers
 the string representation is Sym|ExpSym|Exp..."

(documentation 'to-string 'function)
"Same as mono-to-string but S is a varpower list."

(documentation 'degree-split 'function)
"Return MONOLIST split by degree
 MONOLIST must be grade sorted"

(documentation 'simplify 'function)
"Simplify a list of monomials MONOS."

(documentation 'sum 'function)
"Sum a list of monomials MONOS."

(documentation 'sum-monomials 'function)
"Sum two by two the elements of the monomial list MONOS."

(documentation 'negate 'function)
"Return the list of monomials of POLY but with negate coefficients."

(documentation 'pprint-polynomial 'function)
"Print the graphical representation of the given POLYNOMIAL."

(documentation 'pprint-mono 'function)
"Print the graphical representation of the list of monomials LISTMONO."

(documentation 'print-vars 'function)
"Print the graphical representation of the list of varpowers VARS."

(documentation 'print-coeff 'function)
"Print the graphical representation of the coefficient of MONO
 MONO is a parsed monomial"

(documentation 'print-sign 'function)
"Print the sign of a given parsed monomial MONO."

(documentation 'varpowers 'function)
"Return the list of varpowers of MONOMIAL
 MONOMIAL must be a parsed monomial"

(documentation 'get-vars 'function)
"Return the list of varpowers symbol that appears in VARS
 VARS must be a varpowers list"

(documentation 'vars-of 'function)
"Same as get-vars but the input MONOMIAL is a parsed monomial."

(documentation 'monomial-degree 'function)
"Return the total degree of the given MONOMIAL
 MONOMIAL must be a parsed monomial"

(documentation 'monomial-coefficient 'function)
"Return the coefficient of the given MONOMIAL
 MONOMIAL must be a parsed monomial"

(documentation 'coefficients 'function)
"Return the list of coefficients that appears in the given POLYNOMIAL
 POLYNOMIAL can be already parsed or unparsed"

(documentation 'variables 'function)
"Return the list of variables lex sorted that appears in POLYNOMIAL."

(documentation 'get-varsym 'function)
"Return the list of varpowers symbols that appear in VARS
 VARS must be a list of parsed variables"

(documentation 'monomials 'function)
"Return the list of monomials of the given POLYNOMIAL."

(documentation 'maxdegree 'function)
"Return the maximum degree of the given POLYNOMIAL."

(documentation 'mindegree 'function)
"Return the minimum degree of the given POLYNOMIAL."
